{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs32\lang9 1.Model the inventory system: Define the structure of the inventory system, including products, warehouses, and current stock levels.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 1. Products\par
\b0\fs22 Products are the items that are tracked within the inventory system. Each product has specific attributes that are important for inventory management.\par
\b\fs28 Attributes of a Product:\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b Product ID\b0 : Unique identifier for each product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Name: \b0 Name of the product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Description: \b0 Description of the product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Category\b0 :Category or type of the product (e.g., electronics, clothing, groceries).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Price: \b0 Selling price of the product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Supplier: \b0 Supplier or vendor providing the product.\b\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs32  2. Warehouses\par
\b0\fs22 Warehouses are locations where products are stored. In a complex system, warehouses may have different attributes and capacities.\par
\b\fs24 Attributes of a Warehouse:\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b Warehouse ID: \b0 Unique identifier for each warehouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Name: \b0 Name or location of the warehouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Address: \b0 Address of the warehouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Capacity: \b0 Maximum storage capacity of the warehouse (in units or volume).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Manager: \b0 Person responsible for the warehouse.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs32  3\b . Inventory\b0\par
\fs22 Inventory represents the current stock levels of each product in each warehouse. It tracks how many units of each product are available at any given time.\b\fs28\par
Attributes of Inventory:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\fs24 Product ID: \b0\fs22 Identifier linking to the product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b\fs24 Warehouse ID: \b0\fs22 Identifier linking to the warehouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b\fs24 Quantity: \b0\fs22 Current quantity of the product available in the warehouse.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b\fs24 Last Update: \b0\fs22 Timestamp indicating when the quantity was last updated.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1  \b\fs24 Relationships:\par
\b0\fs22 - Each product can be stored in multiple warehouses.\par
- Each warehouse can store multiple products.\par
- Inventory tracks the specific quantity of each product in each warehouse.\par
\fs32  \b Example:\par
\b0\fs22 Let's illustrate with a simplified example:\par
\b\fs32 Products:\par
\b0\fs24 1. \b Product ID: P001\fs28\par
\b0\fs22    - Name: Laptop\par
   - Description: High-performance laptop\par
   - Category: Electronics\par
   - Price: $1200\par
   - Supplier: ABC Electronics\par
\fs24 2\b . Product ID: P002\par
\b0\fs22    - Name: T-Shirt\par
   - Description: Cotton t-shirt\par
   - Category: Clothing\par
   - Price: $20\par
   - Supplier: XYZ Clothing\fs32\par
\b Warehouses:\par
\fs22 1. Warehouse ID: W001\par
\b0    - Name: Central Warehouse\par
   - Address: 123 Main St, City A\par
   - Capacity: 5000 units\par
   - Manager: John Doe\par
\b 2. Warehouse ID: W002\par
\b0    - Name: East Warehouse\par
   - Address: 456 Elm St, City B\par
   - Capacity: 3000 units\par
   - Manager: Jane Smith\par
\b\fs32 Inventory:\par
\b0\fs22 - Product ID: P001, Warehouse ID: W001\par
  - Quantity: 100\par
  - Last Update: 2024-07-19\par
- Product ID: P001, Warehouse ID: W002\par
  - Quantity: 50\par
  - Last Update: 2024-07-18\par
- Product ID: P002, Warehouse ID: W001\par
  - Quantity: 200\par
  - Last Update: 2024-07-19\par
- Product ID: P002, Warehouse ID: W002\par
  - Quantity: 150\par
  - Last Update: 2024-07-19\par
\par
\b\fs32 2.Implement an inventory tracking application: Develop a Python application that tracks inventory levels in real-time and alerts when stock levels fall below a certain threshold.\par
import datetime\par
\par
\highlight1 code:\highlight0\par
\b0\fs28 products = \{\par
    'P001': \{'name': 'Laptop', 'price': 1200, 'threshold': 50\},\par
    'P002': \{'name': 'T-Shirt', 'price': 20, 'threshold': 100\},\par
\}\par
warehouses = \{\par
    'W001': \{'name': 'Central Warehouse', 'capacity': 5000\},\par
    'W002': \{'name': 'East Warehouse', 'capacity': 3000\},\par
\}\par
inventory = \{\par
    ('P001', 'W001'): 100,\par
    ('P001', 'W002'): 50,\par
    ('P002', 'W001'): 200,\par
    ('P002', 'W002'): 150,\par
\}\par
def check_inventory():\par
    for (product_id, warehouse_id), quantity in inventory.items():\par
        if quantity < products[product_id]['threshold']:\par
            product_name = products[product_id]['name']\par
            warehouse_name = warehouses[warehouse_id]['name']\par
            current_time = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S')\par
            print(f'ALERT: Low stock of \{product_name\} at \{warehouse_name\} (\{quantity\} units). Time: \{current_time\}')\par
inventory[('P001', 'W001')] -= 20\par
inventory[('P002', 'W002')] -= 100\par
check_inventory()\par
\par
\b\fs32 3.Optimize inventory ordering: Implement algorithms to calculate optimal reorder points and quantities based on historical sales data, lead times, and demand forecasts.\par
\par
\highlight1 code:\par
\highlight0\b0\fs28\par
import math\par
annual_demand = 10000  \par
ordering_cost_per_order = 50  \par
holding_cost_per_unit_per_year = 5  \par
lead_time_days = 7  \par
average_daily_demand = annual_demand / 365  \par
def calculate_eoq(demand, ordering_cost, holding_cost):\par
    eoq = math.sqrt((2 * demand * ordering_cost) / holding_cost)\par
    return eoq\par
eoq = calculate_eoq(annual_demand, ordering_cost_per_order, holding_cost_per_unit_per_year)\par
print(f"EOQ: \{eoq:.2f\} units")\par
def calculate_rop_with_safety_stock(daily_demand, lead_time, safety_stock):\par
    rop = (daily_demand * lead_time) + safety_stock\par
    return rop\par
safety_stock_days = 10\par
rop = calculate_rop_with_safety_stock(average_daily_demand, lead_time_days, safety_stock_days)\par
print(f"ROP with \{safety_stock_days\} days of safety stock: \{rop:.2f\} units")\par
\b\fs32\par
4.Generate reports: Provide reports on inventory turnover rates, stockout occurrences, and cost implications of overstock situations.\par
\par
\fs28 Report 1: Inventory Turnover Rates\b0\fs24\par
\par
\b Objective: \b0 To analyze the efficiency of inventory management based on turnover rates.\par
\par
\b 1. Overview\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Define inventory turnover rate and its significance.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} State the period covered by the analysis.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b 2. Calculation of Inventory Turnover\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Formula: \\( \\text\{Inventory Turnover Ratio\} = \\frac\{\\text\{Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)\}\}\{\\text\{Average Inventory\}\} \\)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Provide COGS data and how average inventory was calculated.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 3. Analysis of Findings\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Interpret the turnover ratio.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Compare current turnover with industry benchmarks or past performance.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Discuss any trends observed.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 4. Recommendations\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Suggest improvements to increase turnover rate if it's lower than desired.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Identify areas where adjustments can be made to optimize inventory management.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b Report 2: Stockout Occurrences\par
\b0\par
\b\fs28 Objective:\b0\fs24 To assess the impact and frequency of stockouts.\par
\par
\b 1. Overview\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Define stockout and its impact on operations.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Specify the period under review.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 2. Stockout Data\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0  Provide data on instances of stockouts.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Include affected product categories and duration.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 3. Impact Analysis\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0  Discuss the consequences of stockouts (e.g., lost sales, customer dissatisfaction).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Quantify the financial impact (if possible).\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 4. Mitigation Strategies\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1    Recommend strategies to minimize future stockouts (e.g., improved demand forecasting, safety stock implementation).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Highlight any ongoing initiatives to address stockout issues.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b Report 3: Cost Implications of Overstock Situations\b0\par
\b\fs28 Objective: \b0\fs24 To analyze the financial impact of overstock situations.\par
\b 1. Overview\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1  Define overstock and its potential cost implications.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Specify the time frame analyzed.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 2. Cost Analysis\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Detail the costs associated with overstock situations (e.g., storage costs, obsolescence).\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Quantify financial losses incurred due to overstocking.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b 3. Comparison and Benchmarking\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Compare current overstock costs with historical data or benchmarks.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Analyze trends and patterns in overstock occurrences.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 4\b . Recommendations\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0  Recommend strategies to reduce overstock situations (e.g., inventory optimization techniques, improved forecasting).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Highlight any initiatives in place to manage and reduce overstock costs.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\fs28\par
\b 5.User interaction: Allow users to input product IDs or names to view current stock levels, reorder recommendations, and historical data.\par
\b0\fs22\par
 \b\fs28 Components and Implementation\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 1. Database Setup:\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\fs24 Set up a database (e.g., SQL database like MySQL, PostgreSQL) to store product information including:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Product IDs\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Product names\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Current stock levels\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}  Reorder thresholds or rules\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}  Historical data (sales records, stock movements)\fs22\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b\fs24 2. Backend Development:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22  \fs24  Develop backend services using a programming language (e.g., Python, Java, Node.js):\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b API Endpoints: \b0 Create endpoints to handle user requests. For example:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}`/product/:id` to retrieve product information by ID.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}`/product/reorder/:id` to calculate reorder recommendations for a product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} `/product/history/:id` to fetch historical data for a product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b Business Logi: \b0 Implement logic to:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Retrieve current stock levels from the database based on product ID.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Calculate reorder recommendations based on predefined rules (e.g., reorder point, economic order quantity).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Fetch and format historical data (e.g., sales records) as per user queries.\fs22\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b\fs24 3. Frontend Development:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0 Develop a user interface (UI) that allows users to input product IDs or names and view information. This UI can be a web application or a desktop application:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b Input Form: \b0 Include input fields for users to enter product IDs or names.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b Display Panels\b0 : Display panels to show:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Current stock levels retrieved from backend API.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Reorder recommendations based on calculations from backend API.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Historical data retrieved from backend API.\b\fs28\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 4. Integration and Communication:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22  Ensure frontend communicates with backend APIs securely (e.g., using HTTPS).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Handle errors and edge cases gracefully (e.g., product not found, API timeout).\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs28 5. Security Considerations:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22  Implement authentication and authorization mechanisms if the system deals with sensitive data.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Validate user inputs on both frontend and backend to prevent injection attacks.\b\fs32\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 6. Testing and Deployment:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22 Test the system thoroughly:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Unit testing for backend services.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Integration testing to ensure frontend and backend components work together correctly.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Deploy the system to a production environment, ensuring scalability and reliability.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\b\fs28  Example User Interaction Flow\b0\fs22\par
\b\fs24 1. User Input:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22  User enters a product ID or name into the input field and submits the query.\b\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 2. Backend Processing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22 Backend receives the request and queries the database for:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Current stock levels of the specified product.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}  Calculates reorder recommendations if current stock levels are below a threshold.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}   Retrieves relevant historical data (e.g., past sales) for the product.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b\fs24 3. Frontend Display:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22 Frontend displays the retrieved information:\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Current stock levels.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Reorder recommendations (if applicable).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Historical data in a readable format (e.g., charts, tables).\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\fs28\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
}
 